gameserver/README.md, before:

### Directory Structure

```
gameserver/
├── config/
│   └── serverConfig.js       # Express and Socket.IO server configuration
├── modules/
│   ├── connectionManager.js  # Player connection management
│   ├── gameStateManager.js   # Game state and data management
│   └── gameLoop.js          # Main game loop logic
├── utils/
│   └── gameUtils.js         # Utility functions
├── handlers/
│   ├── gameHandlers.js      # Socket event handlers for game actions
│   └── chatHandlers.js      # Socket event handlers for chat and player management
├── index.js                 # Main server entry point (now ~75 lines vs 282)
└── config.js               # Game categories and secret words
```

### Key Modules

- **ConnectionManager**: Manages player connections per room, handles join/leave operations
- **GameStateManager**: Centralized game state management with methods for updating game phases
- **GameLoop**: Extracted 120+ line game loop into manageable phases (category, clue, voting, guessing)
- **Server Config**: Separated Express and Socket.IO setup from business logic
- **Chat Handlers**: Handles chat messages, player name changes, and disconnections with proper event emission

### Socket Events

#### Chat & Player Management
- `changeName`: Changes player name with validation and emits `playerNameChanged` event
- `playerNameChanged`: Emitted when a player successfully changes their name
- `playerJoined`: Emitted when a new player joins a room
- `playerLeft`: Emitted when a player leaves a room or disconnects

### Testing

Run tests with:
```bash
npm test
```

Test coverage includes:
- Game handlers (start/stop game, category selection, clue submission, voting, guessing)
- Chat handlers (name changes, disconnections, chat messages)
- Connection management
- Game state management
- Utility functions

Commit message:

Remove https (#19)
remove https as it will be configured in the AWS architecture.
simplify the dev environment as its not required there.
Configure project to be ready for an ecs deployment vs ec2 linux install

gameserver/README.md, after:

### Directory Structure

```
gameserver/
├── config/
│   └── serverConfig.js       # Express and Socket.IO server configuration
├── modules/
│   ├── connectionManager.js  # Player connection management
│   ├── gameStateManager.js   # Game state and data management
│   └── gameLoop.js          # Main game loop logic
├── utils/
│   └── gameUtils.js         # Utility functions
├── handlers/
│   ├── gameHandlers.js      # Socket event handlers for game actions
│   └── chatHandlers.js      # Socket event handlers for chat and player management
├── index.js                 # Main server entry point (now ~75 lines vs 282)
└── config.js               # Game categories and secret words
```

### Key Modules

- **ConnectionManager**: Manages player connections per room, handles join/leave operations
- **GameStateManager**: Centralized game state management with methods for updating game phases
- **GameLoop**: Extracted 120+ line game loop into manageable phases (category, clue, voting, guessing)
- **Server Config**: Separated Express and Socket.IO setup from business logic
- **Chat Handlers**: Handles chat messages, player name changes, and disconnections with proper event emission

### Socket Events

#### Chat & Player Management

- `changeName`: Changes player name with validation and emits `playerNameChanged` event
- `playerNameChanged`: Emitted when a player successfully changes their name
- `playerJoined`: Emitted when a new player joins a room
- `playerLeft`: Emitted when a player leaves a room or disconnects

### HTTP Communication & Deployment

This gameserver is configured for HTTP-only communication:

- **Port**: 3000
- **Protocol**: HTTP
- **CORS**: Configured for HTTP frontend origin (`http://localhost:5173`)
- **WebSocket**: Uses `ws://` protocol
- **Deployment**: Designed for AWS ECS with ALB load balancer

### Testing

Run tests with:

```bash
npm test
```

Test coverage includes:

- Game handlers (start/stop game, category selection, clue submission, voting, guessing)
- Chat handlers (name changes, disconnections, chat messages)
- Connection management
- Game state management
- Utility functions
