front/README.md, before:

# OnlyOne - Multiplayer Word Guessing Game

A real-time multiplayer word guessing game inspired by the board game "Just One". Players work together as a team to guess secret words through collaborative clue-giving.

## How to Play

1. **Join a Room**: Enter a room name to join or create a new game room
2. **Team Setup**: One player becomes the "guesser" while others become "writers"
3. **Category Selection**: The guesser chooses a category (animals, people, places)
4. **Secret Word**: Writers see the secret word and write one-word clues to help the guesser
5. **Duplicate Filtering**: Any duplicate clues are automatically cancelled out
6. **Guessing**: The guesser sees the filtered clues and tries to guess the word
7. **Scoring**: The team wins if the guesser correctly identifies the word

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (v18 or higher)
- npm or yarn

### Installation

```bash
# Install dependencies
npm install

# Start development server
npm run dev

# Open in browser
npm run dev -- --open
```

### Building for Production

```bash
# Create production build
npm run build

# Preview production build
npm run preview
```

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **Frontend**: SvelteKit with TypeScript
- **Real-time Communication**: Socket.IO
- **Styling**: Tailwind CSS with shadcn/ui components
- **Testing**: Vitest for unit tests, Playwright for E2E tests

## �� Testing

```bash
# Run unit tests
npm run test:unit

# Run E2E tests
npm run test:e2e

# Run all tests
npm run test
```

## 🌐 Deployment

The app is designed to work with a Socket.IO backend server. Make sure to:

1. Set the `PUBLIC_SOCKET_ENDPOINT` environment variable
2. Deploy the backend server (see `/back` directory)
3. Configure CORS settings for your domain

## �� Features

- **Real-time Multiplayer**: Instant updates across all connected players
- **Room-based Gameplay**: Join specific rooms for private games
- **Role-based Interface**: Different UI for guessers vs writers
- **Automatic Duplicate Detection**: Smart filtering of duplicate clues
- **Timer System**: Time limits for each game phase
- **Score Tracking**: Track games won vs games played
- **Responsive Design**: Works on desktop and mobile devices

## 🔧 Development

### Environment Variables

- `PUBLIC_SOCKET_ENDPOINT`: WebSocket server endpoint that connects to the game server

### Key Components

- **Room.svelte**: Main game orchestrator handling Socket.IO events
- **Game Flow**: chooseCategory → writeClues → filterClues → guessWord → endGame
- **State Management**: Uses Svelte's reactive state for real-time updates

## 📝 License

This project is open source and available under the MIT License.

Commit message:

Remove https (#19)
remove https as it will be configured in the AWS architecture.
simplify the dev environment as its not required there.
Configure project to be ready for an ecs deployment vs ec2 linux install

front/README.md, after:

# OnlyOne - Multiplayer Word Guessing Game

A real-time multiplayer word guessing game inspired by the board game "Just One". Players work together as a team to guess secret words through collaborative clue-giving.

## How to Play

1. **Join a Room**: Enter a room name to join or create a new game room
2. **Team Setup**: One player becomes the "guesser" while others become "writers"
3. **Category Selection**: The guesser chooses a category (animals, people, places)
4. **Secret Word**: Writers see the secret word and write one-word clues to help the guesser
5. **Duplicate Filtering**: Any duplicate clues are automatically cancelled out
6. **Guessing**: The guesser sees the filtered clues and tries to guess the word
7. **Scoring**: The team wins if the guesser correctly identifies the word

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (v18 or higher)
- npm or yarn

### Installation

```bash
# Install dependencies
npm install

# Start development server
npm run dev

# Open in browser
npm run dev -- --open
```

### Building for Production

```bash
# Create production build
npm run build

# Preview production build
npm run preview
```

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **Frontend**: SvelteKit with TypeScript
- **Real-time Communication**: Socket.IO
- **Styling**: Tailwind CSS with shadcn/ui components
- **Testing**: Vitest for unit tests, Playwright for E2E tests

## �� Testing

```bash
# Run unit tests
npm run test:unit

# Run E2E tests
npm run test:e2e

# Run all tests
npm run test
```

## 🌐 Deployment

The app is designed to work with a Socket.IO backend server using HTTP communication. 

**Development:**
- Frontend dev server runs on HTTP (port 5173)
- Connect to backend via HTTP WebSocket connections
- No SSL certificates required locally

**Production (AWS ECS + ALB):**
- HTTPS termination handled by AWS Application Load Balancer
- Containers communicate internally via HTTP
- Frontend served as static files through nginx

**Configuration:**
1. Set the `PUBLIC_SOCKET_ENDPOINT` environment variable (HTTP endpoint)
2. Deploy the backend server (see `/gameserver` directory)  
3. Configure CORS settings for your domain

## �� Features

- **Real-time Multiplayer**: Instant updates across all connected players
- **Room-based Gameplay**: Join specific rooms for private games
- **Role-based Interface**: Different UI for guessers vs writers
- **Automatic Duplicate Detection**: Smart filtering of duplicate clues
- **Timer System**: Time limits for each game phase
- **Score Tracking**: Track games won vs games played
- **Responsive Design**: Works on desktop and mobile devices

## 🔧 Development

### Environment Variables

- `PUBLIC_SOCKET_ENDPOINT`: HTTP WebSocket server endpoint that connects to the game server (e.g., `ws://localhost:3000` for development)

### Key Components

- **Room.svelte**: Main game orchestrator handling Socket.IO events
- **Game Flow**: chooseCategory → writeClues → filterClues → guessWord → endGame
- **State Management**: Uses Svelte's reactive state for real-time updates

## 📝 License

This project is open source and available under the MIT License.
